**Can adpositions be used to mark core verbal arguments?**

Subjects and objects are usually necessary to complete the meaning of a verb, which is why they are called *core arguments*. In languages that have cases, the distinction between subject and object is typically expressed by case marking. The aim of this question is to determine whether adpositions can also be used to mark them. For example, in the Mordvin languages there are four cases used for object marking: the nominative, genitive, inessive, and partitive (less common). As regards the inessive object, in Erzya, both the synthetic case suffix and an analytic postpositional construction can be used, while in Moksha, only the postpositional case form is available (Hamari and Ajanki 2022:426-428; Alhoniemi 1991:27).

(1) Moksha<br/>
>*Лоткама васттнень эса ломаттне учихть **троллейбусть эса***<br/>
>lotkɑ-mɑ vɑst-tnǝn e-sɑ lomɑttnæ u͡tɕ-iȷ̊tj troljljejbus-tj e-sɑ<br/>
>stop-PTCP place-GEN.DEF.PL POSTP-INE person.NOM.DEF.PL wait-PRS.3PL trolleybus-GEN.DEF POSTP-INE<br/>
>‘At the stops, people are waiting for the trolleybus’<br/>
(Hamari and Ajanki 2022:427)

**Coding.** The value is '1' if it is possible to use an adpositional construction to mark at least one of the core arguments (S, A, and/or P) and the corresponding usage is not an instance of government, i.e., where a particular verb requires a certain adpositonal construction. When answering the question, passive clauses are not considered.

**References**<br/>
Alhoniemi, Alho. 1991. Zur Kasuskennzeichnung des Objekts im Mordwinischen. *Finnish Journal of Linguistics* (4). 18–30.<br/>
Hamari, Arja & Ajanki, Rigina. 2022. Mordvin (Erzya and Moksha). In Bakró-Nagy, Marianne & Laakso, Johanna & Skribnik, Elena (eds.), *The Oxford Guide to the Uralic Languages*, 392–431. Oxford: Oxford University Press. (doi:10.1093/oso/9780198767664.003.0023)