**Is there grammatical marking of habituality?**

The habitual expresses a situation (an event or state of affairs)that can be viewed as characteristic of an extended period of time (Comrie 1976: 27-28). This question asks whether a language has means  other than lexical ones to express habituality. In Tundra Nenets, there is an morphological marker for conveying habituality (1), whereas in Meadow Mari a periphrastic device (a compound past tense) is used (2). 

(1) Tunda Nenets<br/>
>*mənc°ras´ətid°m*<br/> 
>mənc°ra-s´əti-d°m<br/> 
>work-HAB-1SG<br/>
>‘I usually work’<br/>
>(Nikolaeva 2014:84)

(2) Meadow Mari<br/>
>*Йыван ончыч тамак-ым **ок шупш ыле***<br/>
>jəvɑn ont͡ɕət͡ɕ tɑmɑk-əm ok ʃupʃ əʎe<br/>
>Yyvan before tobacco-ACC NEG.3SG smoke.CNG be.PST1.3SG<br/>
>'Yyvan didn’t use to smoke'<br/>
>(Riese et al. 2019:224)<br/>

**Coding.** The value is '1' if the expression of habituality can be clearly attributed to a grammatical device.

**References**<br/>
Comrie, Bernard. 1976. *Aspect: An Introduction to the Study of Verbal Aspect and Related Problems*. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.<br/>
Nikolaeva, Irina. 2014. *A Grammar of Tundra Nenets*. Berlin, Boston: De Gruyter Mouton. https://doi.org/10.1515/9783110320640.<br/>
Riese, Timothy, Jeremy Bradley, Monika Schötschel & Tatiana Yefremova. 2019. *Mari (марий йылме) – An Essential Grammar for International Learners*. Release 0.1 – draft version. Vienna: University of Vienna. grammar.mari-language.com (18 November, 2020).
