**Is there grammatical marking of progressivity?**

The progressive views the situation “as ongoing at a single point in time, but it does not exhaustively localize the event” (Bertinetto et al. 2000:527). Historically, progressives often have locative sources, and development into progressives has involved erosion of the locative meaning (e.g., Bybee et al. 1994). This question asks whether a language contains a dedicated means to express progressivity. Finnish and South Saami use a periphrastic construction consisting of an auxiliary 'be' + a non-finite verb form (1-2). In South Saami, the auxiliary verb may be dropped.

(1) Finnish<br/>
>***Olen kirjoittamassa** pientä artikkelia*<br/>
>ole-n kirjoitta-ma-ssa pien-tä artikkelia<br/>
>be-1SG read-SUP-INE snall-PRT article.PRT<br/>
>‘I am writing a small article’

(2) South Saami<br/> 
>*Manne Staaresne **årroeminie***<br/>
>1SG Staare.INE live.PROG<br/> 
>‘I am living in Östersund’

**Coding.** The value is '1' if there is a grammatical device that can be associated with the expression of progressivity. The value is '1' even if in some contexts the corresponding device may appear with a non-progressive (such as locative) meaning.

**References**<br/>
Bertinetto, Pier Marco, Karen H. Ebert & Casper de Groot. 2000. The progressive in Europe. In Östen Dahl (ed.), '*Tense and Aspect in the langauges of Europe*, 517–558. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter.<br/>
Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins & William Pagliuca. 1994. *The Evolution of Grammar: tense, aspect, and modality in the languages of the world*. Chicago and London: The University of Chicago Press.
