**Do characteristics of object referent (topicality, animacy, definiteness) influence object marking?**

The possibility for languages to use case-marking for some objects and not for other objects is referred to as differential object marking (DOM). The aim of this question is to find out whether differences in object marking are conditioned by some characteristics (such as topicality, animacy, or definiteness) of an object. In Komi, definite inanimate objects may be unmarked (1a), whereas animate objects must take the accusative case (1b). 

>(1) Komi Zyrian (Klumpp 2012: 345)<br/>
>a. *Me ľubit-a Syktyvkar-ös ~ Syktyvkar*<br/>
>I like-PRS1SG Syktyvkar-ACC ~ Syktyvkar.NOM<br/>
>‘I like Syktyvkar’

>b. *Me ľubit-a Bobyk-ös*<br/>
>I like-PRS1SG Bobyk-ACC<br/>
>‘I like Bobyk'

Aissen (2003) introduces the following prominency scales:
 - Animacy scale: HUMAN > ANIMATE > INANIMATE
 - Definiteness scale: PERSONAL PRONOUN > PROPER NAME > DEFINITE NP > INDEFINITE SPECIFIC NP > NON-SPECIFIC NP
 
**Coding.** The value is '1' if at least one of the characteristics of object referent causes differences in the marking of the direct object. The value is '0' if case-marking  depends entirely on the type of a noun (e.g. in Khanty, only pronouns get accusative marking). When answering the question, only finite clauses were considered. 

**References**<br/>
Aissen, Judith. 2003. Differential Object Marking: Iconicity vs. Economy. Natural Language & Linguistic Theory 21(3). 435–483. https://doi.org/10.1023/A:1024109008573.<br/>
Klumpp, Gerson. 2012. Differential object marking and information structure: on the function of two differet pronominal accusatives in Komi and Khanty dialects. Eesti ja soome-ugri keeleteaduse ajakiri = Journal of Estonian and Finno-Ugric Linguistics 3. 343–372.
