**Is there differential subject marking?**

In addition to differential object marking (see UT010-UT012), languages may also show differential subject marking (DSM). In a broad sense, a different case for a subject, or a different agreement or position for a subject can already count as DSM; in a narrower sense, such differences ought to depend on the features of the subject in some way to be regarded as DSM (Woolford 2009:17). Here, we are only interested in differences in case marking in finite clauses that depend on the features of the subject. For example, in Estonian, the nominative case may be used for identification or expressing a definite amount of something (1a), whereas the partitive case may be used to express an indefinite amount of something (1b). The Estonian examples are both instances of an existential clause.

(1) Estonian<br/>
>a. *Laual on **leib***<br/>
>laua-l on leib<br/>
>table-ADE be.3SG bread.NOM<br/>
>‘There is the bread on the table’

>b. *Laual on **leiba***<br/>
>laua-l on leiba*<br/>
>table-ADE  be.3SG bread.PRT<br/>
>‘There is some bread on the table’

**Coding.** The value is '1', if subject marking differs depending on the features of the subject. When answering the question, only finite clauses were considered.

**References**<br/>
Woolford, Ellen. 2009. Differential Subject Marking at Argument Structure, Syntax, and PF. In Helen de Hoop & Peter de Swart (eds.), *Differential Subject Marking* (Studies in Natural Language and Linguistic Theory), 17–40. Dordrecht: Springer Netherlands. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4020-6497-5_2. 
