**Is there grammatical marking of the immediate future?**

A language may contain more than one means for expressing future time reference. For instance, there may be a separate device for expressing the immediate future (Bybee et al. 1994). For the immediate future, a situation can be viewed as about to take place. Whereas in Nganasan, the resultative has this function (1), in Estonian, a periphrastic device may be used (2).

(1) Nganasan<br/> 
>*tǝuɁkiɁinǝ*<br/> 
>tǝu-Ɂki-Ɂi-nǝ<br/> 
>fly-RES-AOR.RFL-1SG.RFL<br/> 
>'I'm just flying to Dudinka'<br/>
>(Wagner-Nagy 2018:212)

(2) Estonian<br/> 
>*Rong **on väljumas***<br/> 
>rong on välju-ma-s<br/> 
>train be.3SG leave-SUP-INE<br/> 
>'The train is about to leave'

**Coding.** The value is '1' if there is a grammatical device (either morphological or periphrastic), which can be used to express an action that is about to happen (regardless of other possible functions the corresponding device may have). Instances of a lexical verb used in the past tense form to convey an immediate activity were not considered (e.g., Estonian *Läksime!* go.PST.1PL ‘Off we go!’, cf. Russian *пошли*). 

**References**<br/>
Bybee, Joan, Revere Perkins & William Pagliuca. 1994. *The Evolution of Grammar: tense, aspect, and modality in the languages of the world.* Chicago and London: The University of Chicago Press.<br/>
Wagner-Nagy, Beáta Boglárka. 2019. *A grammar of Nganasan* (Grammars and Language Sketches of the World’s Languages. Indigenous Languages of Russia). Leiden; Boston: Brill.
