**Is there reflexive conjugation?**

In the case of a reflexive verb, an agent can be viewed as performing an action directed at itself; such verbs are often accompanied by reflexive pronouns (e.g., *dress oneself*). Here, we are interested to determine whether a language contains a separate paradigm of verb affixes used to convey reflexivity, as in Veps (cf. 1a and 1b).

(1) Veps<br/>
>a. *pezen : pezed*, etc. (non-reflexive conjugation)<br/> 
>peze-n : peze-d<br/>
>wash-1SG : wash-2SG<br/>
>‘I wash' : 'you wash’, etc.<br/>

>b. *pezemoi : pezetoi*, etc. (reflexive conjugation)<br/> 
>peze-moi : peze-toi<br/> 
>wash-REFL.1SG : wash-REFL.2SG<br/>
>‘I wash myself’ : ‘you wash yourself’, etc.<br/>
(Grünthal 2015: 143)

**Coding.** The value is '1' if the reflexive conjugation is available in various persons and it differs from the non-reflexive conjugation (as in Veps). If a language only contains a reflexive derivational suffix, the value is '0'. For example, in Meadow Mari the derivational suffix *-alt* precedes the personal suffixes and it does not vary throughout the paradigm (see Riese et al. 2022: 383). Thus, for Meadow Mari the value is '0'. 

**References**<br/>
Grünthal, Riho. 2015. *Vepsän kielioppi* (Apuneuvoja Suomalais-Ugrilaisten Kielten Opintoja Varten 17). Helsinki: Suomalais-Ugrilainen Seura.<br/>
Riese, Timothy, Bradley, Jeremy, Yefremova, Tatiana 2022. *Mari (марий йылме): An Essential Grammar for International Learners*. Version 1.0. Vienna: University of Vienna.

