**Is a copula commonly used for predicate nominals in the 3rd person singular forms of the present tense?**

Clauses that express proper inclusion, equation, attribution, location, existence, and possession may be collectively referred to as predicate nominals. Here, we are only interested in what could, in a more restricted sense, be referred to as *predicate nominals* and *predicate adjectives*. The respective clauses typically express equation (*He is my father*), proper inclusion (*He is a teacher*), and attribution (*He is tall*). The term *copula* designates a verb (e.g., *be* in example 1 and 2), an affix, or a particle that joins two nominal elements and functions as the predicate nucleus (Payne 1997: 115; Pustet 2003: 5). The aim of this question is to determine whether predicate nominal and prediate adjective clauses typically follow the structure *NP copula NP* (see example 1) or *NP copula AdjP* (see example 2) when used for the 3rd person singular and present time reference. 

(1) Estonian<br/>
>*Ta **on** õpetaja*<br/> 
>s/he be.3SG teacher<br/>
>'S/he is a teacher’

(2) Skolt Saami<br/>
>*Nijdd **lij** äʹrǧǧ* (Feist 2015:179)<br/>
>girl.SG.NOM PRS.3SG shy.SG.NOM<br/>
>'The girl is shy'

**Coding.** The value is '1' if a copula is needed/commonly used in the simplest predicate nominal constructions, i.e., the present tense. When answering this question, only instances of 3Sg and present affirmative forms were considered.

**References**<br/>
Feist, Timothy. 2015. *A Grammar of Skolt Saami* (Suomalais-Ugrilaisen Seuran Toimituksia 273). Helsinki: Suomalais-Ugrilainen Seura.<br/>
Payne, Thomas E. 1997. *Describing morphosyntax : a guide for field linguistics*. Cambridge: Cambridge University press.<br/>
Pustet, Regina. 2003. *Copulas*. Oxford: Oxford University Press. http://www.oxfordscholarship.com/view/10.1093/acprof:oso/9780199258505.001.0001/acprof-9780199258505 (28 December, 2020).
