**Is there a specialized negative participial form, which cannot be analyzed as a specific participial marker + negative marker?**

The aim of this question is to find out whether there is a negative participle, which cannot be analyzed as a combination of a specific participial marker and a negative marker. Such participle can be found in Northern Khanty (see *-li* in example 1), which is also neutral as regards temporal and aspectual characteristics associated with two affirmative participles in the language (see Shagal 2018:78).

(1) Northern Khanty<br/>
>*[pe:jal-ti  xo:s-**li**] ńa:wre:m il su:wil-ǝ-ti  pit-ǝ-s*<br/>
>swim-INF can-PTCP.NEG child down drown-EP-INF start-EP-PST.3SG<br/>
>‘A child who could not swim started drowning’<br/>
(Nikolaeva 1999: 34, cited through Shagal 2018:78)

To compare, in Erzya participial clauses are negated using a negative marker (example 2) and thus for Erzya the value is '0'.

(2) Erzya<br/> 
>*[a / avol’ lovn-ic’a] t’ejt’er’*<br/>
>NEG / NEG read-PTCP.PRS girl<br/>
>‘a girl who does not read’<br/>

**Coding.** The value is '1' if a language contains a specialized negative participle (as in Northern Khanty). If there is no such participle and participial clauses are negated simply using a negative marker (as in Erzya), the value is '0'. 

**References**<br/>
Shagal, Ksenia. 2018. Participial systems in Uralic languages: an overview. *Eesti ja soome-ugri keeleteaduse ajakiri. Journal of Estonian and Finno-Ugric Linguistics* 9(1). 55–84. https://doi.org/10.12697/jeful.2018.9.1.03.
