**Are there nonfinite forms that can relativize at least some noncore participants, e.g. locative adverbials or instruments, but cannot relativize all or some of the core participants, e.g. subjects?**

In addition to the types covered in questions UT055 and UT056, it is possible to find participles that can relativize some noncore participants but not necessarily all or some core participants. For instance, in Beserman Udmurt there is a participle ending in *-n*, which can be used to relativize instrumentals and direct objects (P) (1a and 1b, respectively), but not subjects (S/A) (Shagal 2018: 74).

(1) Beserman Udmurt (Brykina and Aralova 2012: 511, cited through Shagal 2018: 74)<br/>
>a. *[val-ez **š’už’ja-n**] sǝ̑na-n-z-e Vaš’a ǝ̑st-i-z*<br/>
>horse-3 clean-PTCP comb-PTCP-3-ACC Vasya lose-PRT-3<br/>
>‘Vasya lost the comb with which he used to clean the horse.’<br/>
>b. *mǝ̑nam nǝ̑l-e jarat-e mǝ̑niš’tem [lǝ̑ǯ’-on] kn’iga-m-e*<br/>
>1SG.GEN1 daughter-1SG love-PRS.3SG 1SG.GEN2 read-PTCP book-1-ACC<br/>
>‘My daughter loves the book that I read to her.’

In some languages, the relevant forms may be referred to as nominalizations or converbs.

**Coding.** The value is '1' if there is at least one such participle that can relativize some noncore participants but cannot relativize all or some core participants.

**References**<br/>
Shagal, Ksenia. 2018. Participial systems in Uralic languages: an overview. Eesti ja soome-ugri keeleteaduse ajakiri. Journal of Estonian and Finno-Ugric Linguistics 9(1). 55–84. https://doi.org/10.12697/jeful.2018.9.1.03.
