**Are there participles that can encode their subject with possessive suffixes?**

In Finnish, the possessive marking may be used to encode the subject of a situation (1-2) (Shagal 2018; Hakulinen et al. 2004: § 527). By comparison, in finite clauses, the subject is expressed with the nominative. The Finnish agentive participle and passive participle (2) are employed only for direct object relativization.

(1) Finnish<br/>
>***tekemäni** työ*<br/>
>teke-mä-ni työ<br/>
>do-AG.PTCP-POSS.1SG work<br/>
>‘Work that I did’<br/>

(2) Finnish<br/>
>***Kuvattavakseni** tilhi ei antaudu*<br/>
>kuva-tta-va-kse-ni tilhi ei antaudu
>photograph-PASS-PRS.PTCP-TRNSL-POSS.1SG waxwing NEG surrender<br/>
>’The waxwing won't let me photograph it’<br/>
>(Hakulinen et al. 2004: § 533)<br/>

**Coding.** The value is '1' if a possessive suffix encoding the subject can attach to a participle. The value is '0' if there are no possessive suffixes in a language or they occur in some other position (e.g., on the head noun).

**References**<br/>
Hakulinen, Auli & Vilkuna, Maria & Korhonen, Riitta & Koivisto, Vesa & Heinonen, Tarja Riitta & Alho, Irja. 2004. *Iso suomen kielioppi* (Kotimaisten Kielten Tutkimuskeskuksen Verkkojulkaisuja 5). Helsinki: Suomalaisen Kirjallisuuden Seura. (http://scripta.kotus.fi/visk/etusivu.php) (Accessed October 4, 2020.)<br/>
Shagal, Ksenia. 2018. Participial systems in Uralic languages: an overview. *Eesti ja soome-ugri keeleteaduse ajakiri. Journal of Estonian and Finno-Ugric Linguistics* 9(1). 55–84. https://doi.org/10.12697/jeful.2018.9.1.03.
