**Do core adjectives agree with the subject noun in number in the predicative position?**

Most adjectives have two positions, i.e. they can be used attributively (e.g. *tall boy*) and predicatively (e.g. *the boy is tall*). When positioned after a noun, the adjective may be preceded by a copula but not necessarily. It is also possible that the morphological marking of adjectives in the two contexts differs. (Hofherr 2010: 10; Schachter and Shopen 2007: 13) This question examines whether it is common for adjectives occurring in the predicative position to agree with the head noun in number, as in Hungarian (1) and Estonian (2).

>(1) Hungarian<br/>
>*a   fiú-k   magas-ak*<br/>
>DEF.ART  boy-PL.NOM  tall-PL.NOM<br/>
>‘The boys are tall’

>(2) Estonian<br/>
>*poisi-d  on   pika-d*<br/>
>boy-PL.NOM  be.3   tall-PL.NOM<br/>
>'The boys are tall'

**Coding.** The answer is '1' if it is common for core adjectives used predicatively to agree with nouns in number. The answer is '0' if there is no agreement. 

**References**<br/>
Hofherr, Patricia Cabredo. 2010. Adjectives: An introduction. In Patricia Cabredo Hofherr & Ora Matushansky (eds.), Adjectives: Formal analyses in syntax and semantics (Linguistik Aktuall ; Linguistics Today 153), 1–26. Amsterdam ; Philadelphia: John Benjamins Publishing Company.<br/>
Schachter, Paul & Timothy Shopen. 2007. Parts-of-speech systems. In Timothy Shopen (ed.), Language Typology and Syntactic Description: Volume 1: Clause Structure, vol. 1, 1–60. 2nd edn. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.


