**Is there diminutive (hypocoristic) marking on verbs?**

The aim of this question is to determine whether there is any diminutive marking on the verb that can indicate attitudinal information (affection, intimacy, etc.) of the speaker towards the referent. For example, the diminutive suffixes *-kwe* and *-risj* (example 1) in North Mansi can express the speaker’s positive emotional attitude towards the described state of affairs (*-risj* may also convey a sense of pity) (Bakró-Nagy et al. 2022:549). The terms *precaritive* and *hypocoristic* have also been used.  

(1) North Mansi<br/>
>*ɑkweːkw, wɑːɣ-tɑːl pɑt-əm-risj-ən*<br/>
>grandmother strength-CAR get-MIR.PST-DIM-2SG<br/>
>‘Grandmother, poor dear, you are tired!’<br/>
>(Bakró-Nagy et al. 2022:549)

Instances in which the diminutive marking on the verb yields a quantitative or temporal reading ('a little bit, for a while'), see example 2, do not suffice for ‘1’ for to this question.

(2) Komi Zyrian<br/>
>*Ме эськö сёйышті*<br/>
>Me eɕkɘ ɕoj-ɨʃt-i<br/>
>1SG COND eat-DIM-PST.1SG<br/>
>’I would eat a little bit’<br/>
>(Nikolay Kuznetsov, p.c.)

**Coding.** The answer is '1' if there is a diminutive marker on the verb that expresses attitudinal information. If diminutives cannot be used on the verb, or they appear in the reading ‘a little bit, for a while’, the answer is ‘0’.

**References**<br/>
Bakró-Nagy, Marianne & Sipőcz, Katalin & Skribnik, Elena. 2022. North Mansi. In Bakró-Nagy, Marianne & Laakso, Johanna & Skribnik, Elena (eds.), *The Oxford Guide to the Uralic Languages*, 537–564. Oxford: Oxford University Press. (doi:10.1093/oso/9780198767664.003.0029) 
