**Is the singular form of the noun also used with numerals greater than 1?**

It is common for the Cardinal numeral meaning ‘one’ to assign singular number to its sister noun, whereas with numerals expressing higher values, plural number (or dual) can be expected (cross-linguistically this applies at least to numerals up to '10') (Hurford 2003:582). However, there are also languages where a cardinal numeral  can assign singular number to all its sister nouns. This applies, for instance, to Komi Zyrian (1) and Finnish (2). Although Finnish numerals greater than 1 trigger a different case (partitive), the number is still singular. 

(1) Komi Zyrian<br/>
>*öти **небöг** : куим **небöг***<br/>
>ɘci ɲebɘg : kuim ɲebɘg<br/>
>one.NOM.SG book.NOM.SG : three.NOM.SG book.NOM.SG<br/>
>'one book' : 'three books'

(2) Finnish<br/>
>*yksi **ystävä** :  kaksi **ystävää***<br/> 
>one.NOM.SG friend.NOM.SG :  two.NOM.SG friend.PRT.SG<br/>
>‘one friend' : 'two friends’

**Coding.** The value is '1' if a noun can also appear in its singular form with numerals greater than 1 (as in the Komi Zyrian example), regardless of case marking (see the Finnish example). If there is a separate marking for the numeral 2 but otherwise the singular is used, the value is still '1'. The value is '0' if singular marking is not commonly used with numerals greater than '1'. 

**References**<br/>
Hurford, James R. 2003. The interaction between numerals and nouns. In Frans Plank (ed.), *Noun phrase structure in the languages of Europe* (Empirical Approaches to Language Typology 20–7), 561–620. Berlin; New York: Mouton de Gruyter.
