**Is there case syncretism for goal and location marking?**

Syncretism involves a "combination of multiple distinct case values in a single form", which results in an asymmetry between the paradigms of a language; syncretism can occur in various parts of a paradigm (Baerman 2009:219). This question examines whether there is syncretism between cases expressing goal and location. For instance, in Veps, external and internal local cases display a tripartite system, whereas cases expressing proximity show syncretism (cf. 1a and 1b). By comparison, in Livonian, syncretism occurs in the expression of external location (2). 

(1) Veps<br/>
>a. *vanhan **kažinno***<br/>
>vanha-n kaži-nno<br/>
>old-GEN cat-PROP/APPR<br/>
>‘to the old cat, by the old cat’<br/>

>b. *vanha-n **kažinnopäi***<br/>
>vanha-n kaži-nnopäi<br/>
>old-GEN cat-EGR<br/>
>'from the old cat'<br/>
(Grünthal 2015)

(2) Livonian<br/>
>***pȭrandõl***<br/>
>*pȭrand-õl*<br/>
>floor-ALL/ADE<br/> 
>‘to the floor, on the floor’

**Coding.** The answer is '1' if syncretism between goal and location marking characterizes at least one set of cases (e.g., the expression of external, internal, or proximity relations). If syncretism is impossible/uncommon, the answer is '0'.  

**References**<br/>
Baerman, Matthew. 2009. Case Syncretism. In Andrej Malchukov & Andrew Spencer (eds.), *The Oxford Handbook of Case*, 219–230. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.<br/> 
Grünthal, Riho. 2015. *Vepsän kielioppi* (Apuneuvoja Suomalais-Ugrilaisten Kielten Opintoja Varten). Suomalais-ugrilainen Seura.
