**Is there an inflectional nominal marker for expressing benefactive or destinative semantics independent from the dative?**

“The beneficiary is a participant that is advantageously affected by an event without being its obligatory participant (either agent or primary target, i.e., patient)” (Zúñiga and Kittilä 2010:2). The noun phrase in question is usually a recipient-like argument of the clause. In Enets, for instance, there is a dedicated benefactive marker consisting of a specific suffix (usually called the *destinative*) followed by a possessive suffix, which in transitive clauses attaches to the direct object (Khanina and Shluinsky 2014:1391-1392).

(1) Forest Enets<br/>
>*modj tɔrse **karezod** tɔztazʔ*<br/>
>modj tɔrse kare-zo-d tɔz-ta-zʔ<br/>
>1SG such  fish-DEST.SG-OBL.SG.2SG bring(pfv)-FUT-1SG.S<br/>
‘I will bring such fish for you’<br/>
(Khanina & Shluinsky 2014:1403)

**Coding.** The value is '1', if there is a dedicated nominal marker for expressing benefactive/destinative semantics distinct from the dative marker. The value is '0', if there is no dedicated marker, or if an adpositional construction must be used (as in 'for you' in the English translation).

**References**<br/>
Khanina, Olesya & Andrey Shluinsky. 2014. A Rare Type of Benefactive Construction: Evidence from Enets. *Linguistics* 52(6). 1391–1431. https://doi.org/10.1515/ling-2014-0025.<br/>
Zúñiga, Fernando & Seppo Kittilä (eds.). 2010. *Benefactives and malefactives: typological perspectives and case studies* (Typological Studies in Language vol. 92). Philadelphia: John Benjamins.
