**Are there three or more sets of local cases?**

Languages with a multitude of spatial cases tend to have a structured system. Typically, this means a combination of relative orientation and a distinction between **goal** (also called destination), **location**, and **source**. The relative orientation expressed by cases is usually limited to the notions that can be associated with IN, ON, and AT. (Creissels 2012) Whereas the aim of question UT091 is to determine whether there are at least two sets, this question examines whether at least three sets of cases can be found that make a tripartite distinction. This is possible in Hungarian, which in addition to external local cases (associated with ON; e.g., 1a) and internal local cases (associated with IN; e.g., 1b), contains a third set expressing proximity (AT; e.g., 1c).

(1) Hungarian<br/>
> a. External relations:<br/> 
> *asztal-**ra*** (SUBL) 'onto the table', *asztal-**on*** (SPRESS) 'on the table', *asztal-**ról*** (DELA) 'from the table'<br/>

> b. Internal relations:<br/>
> *ház-**ba*** (ILL) '(in)to the house', *ház-**ban*** (INE) 'in the house', *ház-**ból*** (ELA) 'from the house' <br/>

> c. Proximity relations:<br/>
> *ablak-**hoz*** (ALL) 'to the window', *ablak-**nál*** (ADE) 'at the window', *ablak-**tól*** (ABL) 'from the window' 

**Coding.** The answer is '1' if it is possible to distinguish between three sets of local cases (even if there is some syncretism). The answer is '0' if there are less than three sets or if the candidate for a third set only contains a series of unproductive endings appearing with a closed set of words.

**References**<br/>
Creissels, Denis. 2012. Spatial Cases. In Andrej Malchukov & Andrew Spencer (eds.), *The Oxford Handbook of Case*, 609-625. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
