**Is there a dedicated case that expresses the means by which something is carried out (instrumental) and/or accompaniment (comitative)?**

*Comitative* and *instrumental* are labels used to denote grammaticalized semantic relations that can be coded in various ways, such as case affixes and adpositions (Stolz et al. 2013). This question asks whether there is a case that primarily expresses an instrumental and/or comitative function. For example, the Estonian comitative case can be used for both functions (1a-b). In Komi Zyrian, however, there is a separate comitative case that is primarily found in the sociative function, typically with animate nouns, as shown in (2) (Kuznetsov 2022:493).

(1) Estonian<br/> 
>a. *lusikaga* (instrumental function)<br/>
>lusika-ga<br/>
>spoon-COM<br/>
>‘with a spoon’<br/>

>b. *lapsega* (comitative function)</br>
>lapse-ga<br/>
>child-COM<br/>
>‘with a child’</br>

(2) Komi Zyrian<br/>
>*мамыдкöд*<br/>
>mɑm-ɨd-kɘd<br/>
>mother-POSS.2SG-COM<br/>
>‘with your mother’<br/>

**Coding.** The value is '1', if there is a case that has at least one of the above mentioned functions as the primary function. The value is '0', if the comitative and/or instrumental meaning is a secondary function of another case.

**References**<br/>
Kuznetsov, Nikolay. 2022. Komi. In Marianne Bakró-Nagy, Johanna Laakso & Elena Skribnik (eds.), *The Oxford Guide to the Uralic Languages*, 487–506. Oxford: Oxford University Press. doi:10.1093/oso/9780198767664.003.0026. https://academic.oup.com/book/43672/chapter/366308096 (11 January, 2026).<br/>
Stolz, Thomas & Stroh, Cornelia & Urdze, Aina. 2013. Comitatives and Instrumentals (v2020.4). *The World Atlas of Language Structures Online*. Zenodo. (Ed. Dryer, Matthew S. & Haspelmath, Martin.) (doi:10.5281/zenodo.13950591) (https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.13950591)



