**Is there a dedicated case that expresses the result of a change of state (translative) and/or a state of being (essive)?**

The essive typically denotes a temporary location or state of being (e.g., "as a child"), whereas the translative expresses the result of a change of state (“becoming X” or “change to X") (de Groot 2017:6). This question examines whether there is a case that encodes at least one of these functions. In South Saami, a single case (called the *essive*) covers both functions (see 1a-b), whereas in Finnish there are two distinct cases (called the *translative* and *essive* in Finnish grammars; see 2a and 2b).  

(1) South Saami<br/>
>a. *Dïhte sjïdti **lohkehtäjjine***<br/>
>3SG become.PST.3SG teacher.ESS<br/>
>’She became a teacher’<br/>

>b. *Dïhte barka **lohkehtäjjine***<br/>
>3SG work.3SG. teacher.ESS<br/>
>’She works as a teacher’<br/>

(2) Finnish<br/> 
>a. *Hän opiskeli **opettajaksi***<br/>
>hän opiskel-i opettaja-ksi<br/>
>3SG study-PST.3SG teacher-TRA<br/>
>‘She studied to become a teacher’<br/>

>b. *Hän työskentelee **opettajana***<br/>
>hän työskentele-e opettaja-na<br/>
>3SG work-3SG teacher-ESS<br/>
>‘She works as a teacher’<br/>

**Coding.** The value is '1', if there is a case that encodes at least one of the functions mentioned above. Thus, both South Saami and Finnish are coded as '1'. The value is '0', if there is no such case or if expressing the result of a change of state and/or state of being is only a secondary function of another case (e.g., a local case).

**References**<br/>
Groot, Casper de. 2017. Discovering the assignment: An Uralic essive typological questionnaire. In Casper de Groot (ed.), *Uralic Essive and the Expression of Impermanent State* (Typological Studies in Language 119), 1–28. Amsterdam: John Benjamins Publishing Company. https://doi.org/10.1075/tsl.119.01deg.
