**Is there a dedicated case that expresses equativity?**

In equative constructions, two referents can be regarded as having a gradable property to the same degree. Such constructions typically consist of (i) a comparee (see ‘Kim’ in example 1), (ii) a degree-marker (‘as’), (iii) a parameter (‘tall’), (iv) a standard-marker (‘as’), and (v) a standard (‘Pat'); If the standard-marker is a suffix it is possible to speak about an equative case (Haspelmath 2017). For example, in Erzya, although with some reservations, the suffix *-ʃkɑ* is included in the case paradigm (referred to as the comparative). It is used to encode the size or approximate quantity of a referent, as in example (2) (Ajanki and Hamari 2022:399–400).

(1) English<br/>
>*Kim is as tall as Pat*
(Haspelmath 2017:19)<br/>

(2) Erzya and Moksha<br/>
>*алашашка*<br/>
>ɑlɑʃɑ-ʃkɑ<br/>
>horse-CMPR<br/>
>‘as big as a horse’<br/>
(Hamari and Ajanki 2022:418)

**Coding.** The value is '1', if there is a separate morphological marker to compare two referents with respect to a gradable property (as in Erzya and Moksha). If there is no case marker or it is only possible to use derivational means, the value is ‘0’.

**References**<br/>
Hamari, Arja & Rigina Ajanki. 2022. Mordvin (Erzya and Moksha). In Marianne Bakró-Nagy, Johanna Laakso & Elena Skribnik (eds.), *The Oxford Guide to the Uralic Languages*, 392–431. Oxford: Oxford University Press. doi:10.1093/oso/9780198767664.003.0023. https://academic.oup.com/book/43672/chapter/366306080 (4 December, 2025).<br/>
Haspelmath, Martin. 2017. Equative constructions in world-wide perspective. In Yvonne Treis & Martine Vanhove (eds.), Typological Studies in Language, vol. 117, 9–32. Amsterdam: John Benjamins Publishing Company. https://doi.org/10.1075/tsl.117.02has.<br/>
