**Are there possessive suffixes, the position of which varies in relation to case/number suffixes?**

It is common for affixes to have a fixed order, although this is by no means universal. Still, multiple orders do not necessarily have consequences for meaning (Lieber and Štekauer 2014:376). A possessive suffix and a case suffix may be ordered in one way or a different way, cf. Hungarian *kutya-m-nak* (dog-POSS.1SG-DAT, i.e., px + case) vs. Finnish *koira-lle-ni* (dog-ALL-POSS.1SG, i.e., case + px) where both mean ‘to my dog'. In both languages the order of the affixes is fixed, meaning that in Hungarian the possessive suffix always precedes the case suffix and in Finnish it always follows the case suffix. By comparison, in Udmurt, there is variation in the ordering of the two suffixes depending on the case, e.g., with the terminative and dative the possessive suffix comes before the case suffix, whereas in the illative and prolative it follows the case suffix (Kel'makov 2008:77).

**Coding.** The value is '1' if the order of the possessive suffix and the case suffix can vary (as in Udmurt). The value is '0' if one of them precedes the other in all contexts (as in Hungarian and Finnish). 

**References**<br/>
Kel'makov, Valentin. 2008. *Udmurtin kielioppia ja harjoituksia* (Apuneuvoja suomalais-ugrilaisten kielten opintoja varten, 14). 2. korj. p. Helsinki: Suomalais-ugrilainen seura.<br/>
Lieber, Rochelle & Pavol Štekauer. 2014. *The Oxford Handbook of Derivational Morphology*. Oxford University Press.<br/>
