**Is a copula commonly used for predicate nominals in the past tense?**

Clauses that express proper inclusion, equation, attribution, location, existence, and possession may be collectively referred to as predicate nominals. Here, we are only interested in what could, in a more restricted sense, be referred to as *predicate nominals* and *predicate adjectives*. They involve the structure *NP copula NP* or *NP copula AdjP*, where *copula* usually designates a verb, but it may also be an affix, or a particle that joins two nominal elements (Payne 1997: 115; Pustet 2003: 5). This question asks whether a copula is commonly used in the past tense, as in examples (1) and (2) (for clauses with present time reference, see UT045).

(1) Livonian<br/>
>*Se  **vȯļ** tä’m tidār mīez*<br/> 
>this be.PST.3SG 3SG.GEN daughter.GEN husband<br/>
>‘This was his daughter’s husband’

(2) Nganasan<br/>
>*betі͡aŋɨči ńaagəəɁ **isʲüəɁ*** (Wagner-Nagy 2018:350)<br/>
>betі͡aŋɨ-či ńaagəə-Ɂ i-sʲüə-Ɂ<br/>
>broad.whitefish-PL.3SGPOSS good-PL be-PST-3PL<br/>
>'The briad whitefish were good'

**Coding.** The value is '1' if a copula is commonly used in clauses with past time reference. When answering this question only affirmative past tense forms were considered.

**References**<br/>
Payne, Thomas E. 1997. *Describing morphosyntax : a guide for field linguistics.* Cambridge: Cambridge University press.<br/>
Pustet, Regina. 2003. *Copulas*. Oxford: Oxford University Press. http://www.oxfordscholarship.com/view/10.1093/acprof:oso/9780199258505.001.0001/acprof-9780199258505 (28 December, 2020).<br/>
Wagner-Nagy, Beáta Boglárka. 2018. A grammar of Nganasan (Grammars and Language Sketches of the World’s Languages. Indigenous Languages of Russia). Leiden; Boston: Brill.
