**Are singular and plural possessee distinguished in the possessive declension?**

Possessive affixes attached to the head noun (the possessee) indicate the person and number of the possessor, e.g., Finnish *omena-ni* [apple-POSS.1SG] 'my apple' vs. *omena-si* [apple-POSS.2SG] 'your apple'; *kirja-ssa-ni* [book-INE-POSS.1SG] 'in my book' vs. *kirjoi-ssa-ni* [book.PL-ELA-POSS.1SG] 'in your books'. However, the number of the items possessed can also be encoded in the possessive marker. For instance, in Erzya and Moksha, in some persons, it is possible to make a distinction between singular and plural possessees, as in example (1a-b) (Ajanki and Hamari 2022:403).   

(1) Erzya<br/>
>a. *цёразо*<br/> 
>t͡sjorɑ-zo<br/>
>son-POSS.3SG<br/>
>‘his/her son’<br/>

>b. цёранзо<br/>
>t͡sjorɑ-nzo<br/>
>son-POSS.3PL<br/>
>‘his/her sons’<br/>

Here, we are only concerned with instances where the distinction is made by specialized possessive affixes, even if this does not apply to the entire paradigm. By comparison, in Hungarian, a plural marker indicates plurality, while the possessive marker itself does not vary (2). Thus, Hungarian is coded ‘0’ for this feature.

(2) Hungarian<br/>
>*almám vs. almáim*<br/>
>almá-m vs. almá-i-m<br/>
>apple-POSS.1SG vs. apple-PL-POSS.1SG<br/> 
>'my apple vs. my apples'<br/>

**Coding.** The value is '1', if the number of items possessed can be clearly distinguished in the possessive marker, i.e., there are separate affixes to denote a singular vs. plural possessee (see example 1) or singular vs. dual vs. plural. The value is '0', if there are no such separate affixes (see example 2) or if the language lacks possessive suffixes.

**References**<br/>
Hamari, Arja & Rigina Ajanki. 2022. Mordvin (Erzya and Moksha). In Marianne Bakró-Nagy, Johanna Laakso & Elena Skribnik (eds.), *The Oxford Guide to the Uralic Languages*, 392–431. Oxford: Oxford University Press. doi:10.1093/oso/9780198767664.003.0023. https://academic.oup.com/book/43672/chapter/366306080 (4 December, 2025).<br/>
Riese, Timothy. 2001. *Vogul* (Languages of the World/Materials 158). München: Lincom.
